Requirements and Recommendations:

1. Unity 4.2 required (Tested on 4.2 and 4.3).
2. DirectX 11 card recommended.


**Note Regarding Expample Scenes**

Any scene with "DX11_" on the start, is there to show the compute shader support for the package.
Therefore if you attempt to run these scenes either on a machine that does not support DirectX 11
or if your project has not been set to use DirectX 11, then the simulation will not run.

****

Example Scene Controls:

By Default the application is set to the cheap shader. To change it to the expensive shader, press 2 on the keypad.

You can change it back to the cheap shader by pressing 1 on the keypad.

W – Forward.

S – Backward.

A – Left.

D – Right.

Left Mouse Button + Drag – Rotate Camera.

Space – Fire Projectile.

Setup Instructions:

In order to add a shield into your scene, simply drag and drop the prefered prefab from the selection available.

Once you have added a shield to your scene, in order to have collision reactions,
you must select the layer your shield object is on, through the "Shield Layer"
Parameter available in the Shield Effect and Shield Effect Mobile scripts.

If you wish to make additional prefabs, please make drag a copy of the "Shield Mesh" prefab into your scene,
and add a Shield Effect/Shield Effect Mobile script, A mesh collider, A rigid body and a material
with either the Shield FX/Basic or Shield FX/Advanced shader on it (or simply copy one of the exsisting prefabs).


Shield Effect/Shield Effect Mobile:

Below is a brief description of each option within these two scripts.

Shield Compute Effect (DX 11 Only): Compute Shader That Simulates the Ripple Effect.
If setup correctly, this could be replaced with an alternitive simulation.

Wave Speed: Defines the speed which the waves will spread and dissolve over the shield.

Shield Stiffness: Defines how quickly the ripples will lose intensity.

Shield Effect Colour: Defines the colour of the glow of the shield when hit.

Glow Effect Length: The length of the above effect.

Shield Layer: The physics layer that the shield object is on. This is required to ensure collisions work.

Max Distortion Val: Maximum amount the mesh vertices will displace by.

Velocity Modifier: Defines how much the velocity of an incoming object will effect the distorying amount.

Stability Factor: This variable is a temporary solution to the simulation becoming unstable in certian
extreme conditions (Such as extremely low frame rate, and constant alt-tabbing).

Should Update Normals: Defines whether the simulation will recalculate the mesh normals. This is only
important for the Advanced shader, which uses image-based refractions.


Shader Notes:

Blow is a brief description of each option within the two shaders available.

Refraction (Advanced Only): Defines how much refraction is applied when sampling the refraction texture.

Detail Map: Defines the colour map that will be sampled. Will effect the tint of the glow and of the rim effect.

Rim Map: This should be an RGBA map, which effects the colour of the rim effect, and where the a component defines
any custom patterns you want on the rim (See the provided example).

Rim Colour: Main colour value for the rim effect. (Finaly Rim colour takes into account this, RGB of the colour texture, 
and RGB of the rim texture).

Rim Power: Controls how much rim appears on the shield.

Colour Modifier: Defines the intensity of the colour glow effect.


Additional Notes:

This effect can be quite expensive, especially while running on a mobile machine, or a non-DX11 machine. T
ry to use only one or two at a time.

On the topic of custom meshes: This technique can be applied to any custom meshes you may have, however
I do not guarantee that it will give a cohesive effect, as the system has not been built with such
things in mind.


Known Issues:

During certian conditions, the simulation can become unstable, and cause the shield to dramatically increase in size.
This issue appears to be quite rare. Nonetheless any information you can give me regarding the circumstances of it
occuring would be greatly appreciated.

In the Editor view, the Basic version of the effect will appear to be non-transparent. This does NOT effect the effect
in play mode.


Contact Information:

If you have any issues with the package, or you have information regarding the issues mentioned above, please contact: support@aidan-wilson.co.uk